The Goal
In this game your are a program driving the legendary tron
light cycle and fighting against other programs on the game grid.

The light cycle moves in straight lines and only turn in 90° angles
while leaving a solid light ribbon in its wake. Each cycle and
associated ribbon features a different color.  Should a light cycle
stop, hit a light ribbon or goes off the game grid it will be
instantly deactivated.

The last cycle in play wins the game. Your goal is to be the best
program: once sent to the arena, programs will compete against
each-others in battles gathering 2 to 4 cycles. The more battles you
win, the better your rank will be.  Rules Each battle is fought with
2 players. Each player plays in turn during a battle. When your turn
comes, the following happens:

Information about the location of players on the grid is sent on
the standard input of your program. So your AI must read
information on the standard input at the beginning of a turn.
Once the inputs have been read for the current game turn, your AI
must provide its next move information on the standard ouput. The
output for a game turn must be a single line stating the next
direction of the light cycle: either UP, DOWN, LEFT or RIGHT.
Your light cycle will move in the direction your AI provided.  At
this point your AI should wait for your next game turn information
and so on and so forth. In the mean time, the AI of the other
players will receive information the same way you did.

If your AI does not provide output fast enough when your turn comes,
or if you provide an invalid output or if your output would make the
light cycle move into an obstacle, then your program loses.

If another AI loses before yours, its light ribbon disappears and the
game continues until there is only one player left.

The game grid has a 30 by 20 cells width and height. Each player
starts at a random location on the grid.
 
Victory Conditions Be the last remaining player Game Input

Input for one game turn

Line 1: Two integers N and P. Where N is the total number of players
and P is your player number for this game.

The N following lines: One line per player. First line is for player
0, next line for player 1, etc. Each line contains four values X0, Y0,
X1 and Y1. (X0, Y0) are the coordinates of the initial position of the
light ribbon (tail) and (X1, Y1) are the coordinates of the current
position of the light ribbon (head) of the player. Once a player
loses, his/her X0 Y0 X1 Y1 coordinates are all equal to -1 (no more
light ribbon on the grid for this player).  Output for one game turn A
single line with UP, DOWN, LEFT or RIGHT Constraints 2 ≤ N ≤ 2 0 ≤ P <
N 0 ≤ X0, X1 < 30 0 ≤ Y0, Y1 < 20 Your AI must answer in less than
100ms for each game turn.

