The Goal
Score more points than your opponent.  Two players face off
in a rectangular map.  Each player controls 2 wizards. To score a
point, a Snaffle (a mix between a Snitch and a Quaffle) must go
through the opponent's goal.

Rules

The map
The playing field is a rectangle of 16001x 7501 units. The
coordinates X=0, Y=0 represent the pixel at the top-left.  2 goals,
one per player, are located on either side of the field.  Each goal is
composed of two poles whose centers are separated by 4000 units.  Each
pole has a radius of 300 units.  The coordinates of the center of each
goal are (X=0, Y=3750) for team 0 and (X=16000, Y=3750) for team 1.

The Snaffles
Snaffles are discs with a radius of 150 units.  At the
start of a game, Snaffles are placed randomly but symmetrically across
the map.  A game can start with either 5 or 7 Snaffles.  Players must
use them to score points.
 
Wizards
Each player controls 2 wizards.  A wizard is a disc with a
radius of 400 units.  A player's wizards start near that player's
goal.

Game mechanics
To score a point, a Snaffle must enter the opponent's
goal.  The Snaffle in question will be removed from the game.

To move a wizard, you must output the MOVE command followed by the X Y
coordinates of the destination and by the thrust power between 0 and
150.  This will apply a force to the wizard twoards the given
coordinates. This force is what gives the wizard his speed.  Careful,
the faster a wizard goes, the harder he is to control!

It is impossible to leave the playing field. Wizards and Snaffles will
rebound off the edges of the map.  Only Snaffles can go through goals.
Collisions occur between all entities, except between Snaffles and
wizards.

If the center of a Snaffle enters the radius of a wizard, he grabs it.
On the turn following a grab, the wizard will be able to throw it by
using the THROW command followed by the X Y coordinates to throw the
Snaffle towards, and by the power of the throw between 0 and 500.

If a wizard doesn't use the throw command after grabbing a Snaffle, he
will drop the Snaffle.

The game ends after 200 turns or as soon as one player has scored more
than half of the possible points.  If a player does not provide output
in time or provides incorrect output, they are eliminated and the game
ends immediately. If both players are eliminated on the same turn,
they will be tied regardless of their score.
 
Victory Conditions

    Be the first player to score the majority of points.  Be the
    player with the most points after 200 turns.

 
Lose Conditions

    Your program does not provide output in time.  Your program
    provides invalid output.

Expert Rules
Extra details on the game mechanics will become
available in league Wood 1.  Game Input Initializaton input Line 1:
one integer myTeamId for the id of your team myTeamId= 0: your goal is
on the left myTeamId= 1: your goal is on the right.  Input for one
game turn Next line: an integer entites for the number of entities
currently in play.

Next entites lines: one line per entity.

Each entity is represented by a unique integer, a string and 5 more
space separated integers: entityId, entityType, x, y, vx, vy & state.
entityId is the unique id of this entity.  entityType is a string
indicating the type of entity. The value of this string can be:

    WIZARD for one of your wizards OPPONENT_WIZARD for an opposing
    wizard SNAFFLE

x, y for the entity's position.  vx, vy for the entity's speed vector.

state can be:

    1 for a wizard who has grabbed a snaffle 0 otherwise

Output for one game turn One line for each one of your team's wizards:
one of the following actions:
 

    MOVE x y thrust : the keyword MOVE followed by 3 integers: x y for
    the destination and the desired thrust power [0;150].  THROW x y
    power : the keyword THROW followed by 3 integers: x y for the
    destination and the desired power [0;500].

Constraints 0 ≤ entityId ≤ 12 4 ≤ entities ≤ 13 0 < x < 16000 0 < y <
7500 -106 < vx < 106 -106 < vy < 106 0 ≤ state ≤ 1 Response time for
the first turn ≤ 1000 ms Response time per turn ≤ 100 ms

What is in store for me in the higher leagues?  The extra rules
available in higher leagues are:

    A new entity: Bludgers.  New commands: wizards may cast spells.

